everything is more childhood
against
good is a game that we have controlled
from beginning to end
we already had the victory
we are down we are in the town hall
but in 5 10 minutes the control of
incomprehensibly match and the bosc
took the opportunity to start a minute of
nibali and the vows and visual and looked at the
session there is practically very little left
there are five minutes left and the team
of trying to do it between the cérvoles
approaches the goal in a way
little grill could not be and
good
and then it cost to think about services
is that
i
well sometimes this situation in football
I can give any kind of
explanation is not playing well
normally we do not close the game and the
opposite with many fewer occasions than
us soccer
and a lot and very much it makes us two goals and
get back in the encounter then
Well, I say what
with respect to the change, see if the
you do defensive because they put more
defenses and give control to the contrary
if you put them offensive
international players
as are the lid and seleznov the team does not
it has to feel the contrary I think
you have to raise the level by being
in a state of greater
homeland tribes and then review
account also but as a summary I would say
that has no explanation that ten
minutes make us two goals because
because any team to do the
goals need a lot of time and many
occasions and to us it has not been repeated
this situation in the last matches and
good is a worrisome situation
Y
that is a but
the measurement equipment that we see in what
physical condition is we will decide when